Release 4.6.3 (#246)
blackbaud/skyux-core: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.6.3 (2021-07-28)

> - Fixed the `formatNumber` method with the `SkyNumericService` when omitting the format option. [#245](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-core/pull/245)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `SkyNumericService`'s `formatNumber` method to allow number formatting to be undefined. [#245](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-core/pull/245)
```
